---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_aws_transit_gateway_attachment Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS transit gateway attachment data source provides information about an existing transit gateway attachment.
---

# hcp_aws_transit_gateway_attachment (Data Source)

The AWS transit gateway attachment data source provides information about an existing transit gateway attachment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_aws_transit_gateway_attachment" "test" {
  hvn_id                        = var.hvn_id
  transit_gateway_attachment_id = var.transit_gateway_attachment_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HashiCorp Virtual Network (HVN).
- `transit_gateway_attachment_id` (String) The user-settable name of the transit gateway attachment in HCP.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the transit gateway attachment is located.
					If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
					If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_for_active_state` (Boolean) If `true`, Terraform will wait for the transit gateway attachment to reach an `ACTIVE` state before continuing. Default `false`.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time that the transit gateway attachment was created.
- `expires_at` (String) The time after which the transit gateway attachment will be considered expired if it hasn't transitioned into `ACCEPTED` or `ACTIVE` state.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the transit gateway attachment is located. Always matches the HVN's organization.
- `provider_transit_gateway_attachment_id` (String) The transit gateway attachment ID used by AWS.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the transit gateway attachment.
- `state` (String) The state of the transit gateway attachment.
- `transit_gateway_id` (String) The ID of the user-owned transit gateway in AWS.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


