---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_aws_network_peering Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The AWS network peering data source provides information about an existing network peering between an HVN and a peer AWS VPC.
---

# hcp_aws_network_peering (Data Source)

The AWS network peering data source provides information about an existing network peering between an HVN and a peer AWS VPC.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_aws_network_peering" "test" {
  hvn_id                = var.hvn_id
  peering_id            = var.peering_id
  wait_for_active_state = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HashiCorp Virtual Network (HVN).
- `peering_id` (String) The ID of the network peering.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_for_active_state` (Boolean) If `true`, Terraform will wait for the network peering to reach an `ACTIVE` state before continuing. Default `false`.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time that the network peering was created.
- `expires_at` (String) The time after which the network peering will be considered expired if it hasn't transitioned into `ACCEPTED` or `ACTIVE` state.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the network peering is located. Always matches the HVN's organization.
- `peer_account_id` (String) The account ID of the peer VPC in AWS.
- `peer_vpc_id` (String) The ID of the peer VPC in AWS.
- `peer_vpc_region` (String) The region of the peer VPC in AWS.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the network peering is located. Always matches the HVN's project.
- `provider_peering_id` (String) The peering connection ID used by AWS.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the network peering.
- `state` (String) The state of the network peering.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)


