---
page_title: "Data Source hcp_azure_peering_connection - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Azure peering connection data source provides information about a peering connection between an HVN and a peer Azure VNet.
---

# hcp_azure_peering_connection (Data Source)

-> **Note:** This data source is currently in public beta.

The Azure peering connection data source provides information about a peering connection between an HVN and a peer Azure VNet.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_azure_peering_connection" "test" {
  hvn_id                = var.hvn_id
  peering_id            = var.peering_id
  wait_for_active_state = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hvn_link` (String) The `self_link` of the HashiCorp Virtual Network (HVN).
- `peering_id` (String) The ID of the peering connection.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait_for_active_state` (Boolean) If `true`, Terraform will wait for the peering connection to reach an `ACTIVE` state before continuing. Default `false`.

### Read-Only

- `application_id` (String) The ID of the Azure application whose credentials are used to peer the HCP HVN's underlying VNet with the customer VNet.
- `azure_peering_id` (String) The peering connection ID used by Azure.
- `created_at` (String) The time that the peering connection was created.
- `expires_at` (String) The time after which the peering connection will be considered expired if it hasn't transitioned into `ACCEPTED` or `ACTIVE` state.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the peering connection is located. Always matches the HVN's organization.
- `peer_resource_group_name` (String) The resource group name of the peer VNet in Azure.
- `peer_subscription_id` (String) The subscription ID of the peer VNet in Azure.
- `peer_tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID of the peer VNet in Azure.
- `peer_vnet_name` (String) The name of the peer VNet in Azure.
- `peer_vnet_region` (String) The region of the peer VNet in Azure.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the peering connection is located. Always matches the HVN's project.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the peering connection
- `state` (String) The state of the Azure peering connection.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)
