---
page_title: "hcp_boundary_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Boundary"
description: |-
  The Boundary cluster data source provides information about an existing HCP Boundary cluster.

# hcp_boundary_cluster (Data Source)

The Boundary cluster data source provides information about an existing HCP Boundary cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_boundary_cluster" "example" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Boundary cluster

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Boundary cluster is located. If not specified, the project configured in the HCP provider config block will be used.
If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cluster_url` (String) A unique URL identifying the Boundary cluster.
- `created_at` (String) The time that the Boundary cluster was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintenance_window_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_window_config))
- `state` (String) The state of the Boundary cluster.
- `tier` (String) The tier of the Boundary cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_window_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window_config`

Read-Only:

- `day` (String)
- `end` (Number)
- `start` (Number)
- `upgrade_type` (String)
