---
page_title: "hcp_dns_forwarding_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Networking"
description: |-
    The DNS forwarding rule data source provides information about an existing DNS forwarding rule.
---

# hcp_dns_forwarding_rule (Data Source)

The DNS forwarding rule data source provides information about an existing DNS forwarding rule.

-> **Note:** For more details and requirements, see the HCP Vault Private DNS documentation: [HCP Vault Private DNS](https://developer.hashicorp.com/hcp/docs/vault/private-dns)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_dns_forwarding_rule" "example" {
  hvn_id                 = var.hvn_id
  dns_forwarding_id      = var.dns_forwarding_id
  dns_forwarding_rule_id = var.dns_forwarding_rule_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dns_forwarding_id` (String) The ID of the DNS forwarding configuration this rule belongs to.
- `dns_forwarding_rule_id` (String) The ID of the DNS forwarding rule.
- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HVN that this DNS forwarding rule belongs to.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the DNS forwarding rule is located.
If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time that the DNS forwarding rule was created.
- `domain_name` (String) The domain name for which DNS forwarding rule was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inbound_endpoint_ips` (List of String) The IP addresses of the target customer network inbound endpoints to which the DNS requests for the above domain will be forwarded.
- `rule_id` (String) The ID of the DNS forwarding rule.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the DNS forwarding rule.
- `state` (String) The state of the DNS forwarding rule.
