---
page_title: "hcp_dns_forwarding Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Networking"
description: |-
    The DNS forwarding data source provides information about a DNS forwarding configuration for a HashiCorp Virtual Network (HVN).
---

# hcp_dns_forwarding (Data Source)

The DNS forwarding data source provides information about a DNS forwarding configuration for a HashiCorp Virtual Network (HVN).

-> **Note:** For more details and requirements, see the HCP Vault Private DNS documentation: [HCP Vault Private DNS](https://developer.hashicorp.com/hcp/docs/vault/private-dns)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_dns_forwarding" "example" {
  hvn_id            = var.hvn_id
  dns_forwarding_id = var.dns_forwarding_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dns_forwarding_id` (String) The ID of the DNS forwarding.
- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HashiCorp Virtual Network (HVN).

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the DNS forwarding is located. If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured. If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `connection_type` (String) The type of connection.
- `created_at` (String) The time that the DNS forwarding was created.
- `forwarding_rules` (List of Object) The forwarding rules for the DNS forwarding. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--forwarding_rules))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the DNS forwarding is located.
- `peering_id` (String) The ID of the peering connection or transit gateway attachment.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the DNS forwarding configuration.
- `state` (String) The state of the DNS forwarding.
- `updated_at` (String) The time that the DNS forwarding was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--forwarding_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `forwarding_rules`

Read-Only:

- `domain_name` (String)
- `inbound_endpoint_ips` (List of String)
- `rule_id` (String)
