---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_hvn_peering_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HashiCorp Virtual Networks"
description: |-
  The HVN peering connection data source provides information about an existing peering connection between HVNs.
---

# hcp_hvn_peering_connection (Data Source)

The HVN peering connection data source provides information about an existing peering connection between HVNs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_hvn_peering_connection" "test" {
  peering_id = var.peering_id
  hvn_1      = var.hvn_1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hvn_1` (String) The unique URL of one of the HVNs being peered.
- `peering_id` (String) The ID of the peering connection.

### Optional

- `hvn_2` (String, Deprecated) The unique URL of one of the HVNs being peered. Setting this attribute is deprecated, but it will remain usable in read-only form.
- `project_id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of the HCP project where the HVN peering connection is located. Always matches hvn_1's project ID. Setting this attribute is deprecated, but it will remain usable in read-only form.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time that the peering connection was created.
- `expires_at` (String) The time after which the peering connection will be considered expired if it hasn't transitioned into `ACCEPTED` or `ACTIVE` state.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the peering connection is located. Always matches both HVNs' organization ID
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the peering connection
- `state` (String) The state of the HVN peering connection.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
