---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_packer_iteration Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Packer Image data source iteration gets the most recent iteration (or build) of an image, given a channel.
---

# hcp_packer_iteration (Data Source)

The Packer Image data source iteration gets the most recent iteration (or build) of an image, given a channel.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_packer_iteration" "hardened-source" {
  bucket_name = "hardened-ubuntu-16-04"
  channel     = "megan-test"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The slug of the HCP Packer Registry bucket to pull from.
- `channel` (String) The channel that points to the version of the image you want.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the HCP Packer Registry is located.
If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `author_id` (String) The name of the person who created this iteration.
- `created_at` (String) Creation time of this iteration
- `fingerprint` (String) The unique fingerprint associated with this iteration; often a git sha.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `incremental_version` (Number) Incremental version of this iteration
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization this HCP Packer registry is located in.
- `revoke_at` (String) The revocation time of this iteration. This field will be null for any iteration that has not been revoked or scheduled for revocation.
- `ulid` (String) The ULID of this iteration.
- `updated_at` (String) Time this build was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
