---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_private_link_service Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The private link service data source provides information about an existing private link service in an HVN.
---

# hcp_private_link_service (Data Source)

The private link service data source provides information about an existing private link service in an HVN.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HVN associated with the private link service.
- `private_link_id` (String) The ID of the private link service.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the private link service is located. If not specified, the project configured in the provider is used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `consumer_accounts` (List of String) The list of consumer accounts allowed to connect to the private link service. In AWS, these are IAM Principals. In Azure, these are Azure Subscription/Resource IDs.
- `consumer_ip_ranges` (List of String) The list of consumer IP ranges or CIDRs allowed to connect to the HVD cluster associated with the private link service.
- `consumer_regions` (List of String) The cloud provider regions from which consumers can connect to the private link service.
- `created_at` (String) The time that the private link service was created.
- `external_name` (String) The private link service name generated by the cloud provider. In AWS, this is the name of the VPC Endpoint Service.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the private link service is located.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the private link service.
- `state` (String) The state of the private link service.
- `updated_at` (String) The time that the private link service was last updated.
- `vault_cluster_id` (String) The ID of the HCP Vault cluster associated with the private link service.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)
