---
page_title: "hcp_vault_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Vault"
description: |-
  The cluster data source provides information about an existing HCP Vault cluster.
---

# hcp_vault_cluster (Data Source)

The cluster data source provides information about an existing HCP Vault cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_vault_cluster" "example" {
  cluster_id = var.cluster_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the HCP Vault cluster.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Vault cluster is located.
If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `audit_log_config` (Block List) The audit logs configuration for export. (https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/tutorials/cloud-monitoring/vault-metrics-guide#metrics-streaming-configuration) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--audit_log_config))
- `cloud_provider` (String) The provider where the HCP Vault cluster is located.
- `created_at` (String) The time that the Vault cluster was created.
- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HVN this HCP Vault cluster is associated to.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `major_version_upgrade_config` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--major_version_upgrade_config))
- `metrics_config` (Block List) The metrics configuration for export. (https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/tutorials/cloud-monitoring/vault-metrics-guide#metrics-streaming-configuration) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics_config))
- `min_vault_version` (String) The minimum Vault version to use when creating the cluster. If not specified, it is defaulted to the version that is currently recommended by HCP.
- `namespace` (String) The name of the customer namespace this HCP Vault cluster is located in.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization this HCP Vault cluster is located in.
- `paths_filter` (List of String) The performance replication [paths filter](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/tutorials/cloud-ops/vault-replication-terraform#review-hcpvault-tf). Applies to performance replication secondaries only and operates in "deny" mode only.
- `primary_link` (String) The `self_link` of the HCP Vault Plus tier cluster which is the primary in the performance replication setup with this HCP Vault Plus tier cluster. If not specified, it is a standalone Plus tier HCP Vault cluster.
- `proxy_endpoint` (String) Denotes that the cluster has a proxy endpoint. Valid options are `ENABLED`, `DISABLED`. Defaults to `DISABLED`.
- `public_endpoint` (Boolean) Denotes that the cluster has a public endpoint. Defaults to false.
- `region` (String) The region where the HCP Vault cluster is located.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the Vault cluster.
- `state` (String) The state of the Vault cluster.
- `tier` (String) The tier that the HCP Vault cluster will be provisioned as.  Only 'development' is available at this time.
- `vault_private_endpoint_url` (String) The private URL for the Vault cluster.
- `vault_proxy_endpoint_url` (String) The proxy URL for the Vault cluster. This will be empty if `proxy_endpoint` is `DISABLED`.
- `vault_public_endpoint_url` (String) The public URL for the Vault cluster. This will be empty if `public_endpoint` is `false`.
- `vault_version` (String) The Vault version of the cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `default` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--audit_log_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `audit_log_config`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_access_key_id` (String) CloudWatch access key ID for streaming audit logs
- `cloudwatch_group_name` (String) CloudWatch group name of the target log stream for audit logs
- `cloudwatch_region` (String) CloudWatch region for streaming audit logs
- `cloudwatch_secret_access_key` (String) CloudWatch secret access key for streaming audit logs
- `cloudwatch_stream_name` (String) CloudWatch stream name for the target log stream for audit logs
- `datadog_region` (String) Datadog region for streaming audit logs
- `elasticsearch_dataset` (String) ElasticSearch dataset for streaming audit logs
- `elasticsearch_endpoint` (String) ElasticSearch endpoint for streaming audit logs
- `elasticsearch_password` (String) ElasticSearch password for streaming audit logs
- `elasticsearch_user` (String) ElasticSearch user for streaming audit logs
- `grafana_endpoint` (String) Grafana endpoint for streaming audit logs
- `grafana_user` (String) Grafana user for streaming audit logs
- `http_basic_password` (String) HTTP basic authentication password for streaming audit logs, one of the two available authentication methods, can be specified only if http_basic_user is also provided
- `http_basic_user` (String) HTTP basic authentication username for streaming audit logs, one of the two available authentication methods, can be specified only if http_basic_password is also provided
- `http_bearer_token` (String) HTTP bearer authentication token for streaming audit logs, one of the two available authentication methods, can be specified only if http_basic_user and http_basic_password are not provided
- `http_codec` (String) HTTP codec for streaming audit logs, allowed values are JSON and NDJSON
- `http_compression` (Boolean) HTTP compression flag for streaming audit logs
- `http_headers` (Map of String) HTTP headers for streaming audit logs
- `http_method` (String) HTTP payload method for streaming audit logs, allowed values are PATCH, POST, or PUT
- `http_payload_prefix` (String) HTTP payload prefix for streaming audit logs
- `http_payload_suffix` (String) HTTP payload suffix for streaming audit logs
- `http_uri` (String) HTTP URI for streaming audit logs
- `newrelic_account_id` (String) NewRelic Account ID for streaming audit logs
- `newrelic_license_key` (String) NewRelic license key for streaming audit logs
- `newrelic_region` (String) NewRelic region for streaming audit logs, allowed values are "US" and "EU"
- `splunk_hecendpoint` (String) Splunk endpoint for streaming audit logs


<a id="nestedatt--major_version_upgrade_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `major_version_upgrade_config`

Read-Only:

- `maintenance_window_day` (String)
- `maintenance_window_time` (String)
- `upgrade_type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--metrics_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics_config`

Read-Only:

- `cloudwatch_access_key_id` (String) CloudWatch access key ID for streaming metrics
- `cloudwatch_namespace` (String) CloudWatch namespace for streaming metrics
- `cloudwatch_region` (String) CloudWatch region for streaming metrics
- `cloudwatch_secret_access_key` (String) CloudWatch secret access key for streaming metrics
- `datadog_region` (String) Datadog region for streaming metrics
- `elasticsearch_dataset` (String) ElasticSearch dataset for streaming metrics
- `elasticsearch_endpoint` (String) ElasticSearch endpoint for streaming metrics
- `elasticsearch_password` (String) ElasticSearch password for streaming metrics
- `elasticsearch_user` (String) ElasticSearch user for streaming metrics
- `grafana_endpoint` (String) Grafana endpoint for streaming metrics
- `grafana_user` (String) Grafana user for streaming metrics
- `http_basic_password` (String) HTTP basic authentication password for streaming metrics, one of the two available authentication methods, can be specified only if http_basic_user is also provided
- `http_basic_user` (String) HTTP basic authentication username for streaming metrics, one of the two available authentication methods, can be specified only if http_basic_password is also provided
- `http_bearer_token` (String) HTTP bearer authentication token for streaming metrics, one of the two available authentication methods, can be specified only if http_basic_user and http_basic_password are not provided
- `http_codec` (String) HTTP codec for streaming metrics, allowed values are JSON and NDJSON
- `http_compression` (Boolean) HTTP compression flag for streaming metrics
- `http_headers` (Map of String) HTTP headers for streaming metrics
- `http_method` (String) HTTP payload method for streaming metrics, allowed values are PATCH, POST, or PUT
- `http_payload_prefix` (String) HTTP payload prefix for streaming metrics
- `http_payload_suffix` (String) HTTP payload suffix for streaming metrics
- `http_uri` (String) HTTP URI for streaming metrics
- `newrelic_account_id` (String) NewRelic Account ID for streaming metrics
- `newrelic_license_key` (String) NewRelic license key for streaming metrics
- `newrelic_region` (String) NewRelic region for streaming metrics, allowed values are "US" and "EU"
- `splunk_hecendpoint` (String) Splunk endpoint for streaming metrics
