---
page_title: "hcp_waypoint_add_on_definition Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Waypoint"
description: |-
  The Waypoint Add-on Definition data source retrieves information on a given Add-on Definition.
---

# hcp_waypoint_add_on_definition `Data Source`



The Waypoint Add-on Definition data source retrieves information on a given Add-on Definition.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the Add-on Definition.
- `name` (String) The name of the Add-on Definition.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Waypoint Add-on Definition is located.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A longer description of the Add-on Definition.
- `labels` (List of String) List of labels attached to this Add-on Definition.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the Waypoint Add-on Definition is located.
- `readme_markdown_template` (String) Instructions for using the Add-on Definition (markdown format supported).
- `summary` (String) A short summary of the Add-on Definition.
- `terraform_agent_pool_id` (String) The ID of the Terraform agent pool.
- `terraform_cloud_workspace_details` (Attributes) Terraform Cloud Workspace details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--terraform_cloud_workspace_details))
- `terraform_execution_mode` (String) The execution mode for the Terraform Cloud workspace.
- `terraform_no_code_module_id` (String) The ID of the Terraform no-code module to use for running Terraform operations
- `terraform_no_code_module_source` (String) Terraform No Code Module source
- `variable_options` (Attributes List) List of variable options for the Add-on Definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variable_options))

<a id="nestedatt--terraform_cloud_workspace_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_cloud_workspace_details`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the Terraform Cloud Workspace.
- `terraform_project_id` (String) Terraform Cloud Project ID.


<a id="nestedatt--variable_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variable_options`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Variable name
- `options` (List of String) List of options
- `user_editable` (Boolean) Whether the variable is editable by the user creating an add-on
- `variable_type` (String) Variable type
