---
page_title: "hcp_waypoint_template Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Waypoint"
description: |-
  The Waypoint Template data source retrieves information on a given Template.
---

# hcp_waypoint_template `Data Source`



The Waypoint Template data source retrieves information on a given Template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "hcp_waypoint_template" "example" {
  name = var.waypoint_template
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `actions` (List of String) List of actions by 'ID' to assign to this Template. Applications created from this Template will have these actions assigned to them. Only 'ID' is supported.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Template.
- `name` (String) The name of the Template.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Waypoint Template is located.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) A description of the template, along with when and why it should be used, up to 500 characters
- `labels` (List of String) List of labels attached to this Template.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the Waypoint Template is located.
- `readme_markdown_template` (String) Instructions for using the template (markdown format supported)
- `summary` (String) A brief description of the template, up to 110 characters
- `terraform_agent_pool_id` (String) Terraform agent pool ID
- `terraform_cloud_workspace_details` (Attributes) Terraform Cloud Workspace details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--terraform_cloud_workspace_details))
- `terraform_execution_mode` (String) Terraform execution mode
- `terraform_no_code_module_id` (String) The ID of the Terraform no-code module to use for running Terraform operations
- `terraform_no_code_module_source` (String) Terraform No Code Module source
- `variable_options` (Attributes List) List of variable options for the template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variable_options))

<a id="nestedatt--terraform_cloud_workspace_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_cloud_workspace_details`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the Terraform Cloud Workspace
- `terraform_project_id` (String) Terraform Cloud Project ID


<a id="nestedatt--variable_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variable_options`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Variable name
- `options` (List of String) List of options
- `user_editable` (Boolean) Whether the variable is editable by the user creating an application
- `variable_type` (String) Variable type
