---
page_title: "hcp_waypoint_application Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Waypoint"
description: |-
  The Waypoint Application data source retrieves information on a given Application.
---

# hcp_waypoint_application `Data Source`



The Waypoint Application data source retrieves information on a given Application.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `actions` (List of String) List of actions by 'ID' to assign to this Template. Applications created from this Template will have these actions assigned to them. Only 'ID' is supported.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Application.
- `input_variables` (Attributes Set) Input variables for the Application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--input_variables))
- `name` (String) The name of the Application.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Waypoint Application is located.

### Read-Only

- `namespace_id` (String) Internal Namespace ID.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the Waypoint Application is located.
- `output_values` (Attributes List) The output values, stored by HCP Waypoint, of the Terraform run for the Add-on, Sensitive values have type and value omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_values))
- `readme_markdown` (String) Instructions for using the Application (markdown format supported).
- `template_id` (String) ID of the Template this Application is based on.
- `template_name` (String) Name of the Template this Application is based on.

<a id="nestedatt--input_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_variables`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Variable name
- `value` (String) Variable value
- `variable_type` (String) Variable type


<a id="nestedatt--output_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_values`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the output value.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) Whether the output value is Sensitive.
- `type` (String) The type of the output value.
- `value` (String) The value of the output value.
