---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_waypoint_add_on Data Source - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Waypoint Add-on data source retrieves information on a given Add-on.
---

# hcp_waypoint_add_on (Data Source)

The Waypoint Add-on data source retrieves information on a given Add-on.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the Add-on.
- `name` (String) The name of the Add-on.

### Read-Only

- `application` (Attributes) The Application for which this Add-on was created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--application))
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the Add-on.
- `definition` (Attributes) The Add-on Definition from which this Add-on was created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--definition))
- `description` (String) A longer description of the Add-on.
- `install_count` (Number) The number of installed Add-ons for the same Application that share the same Add-on Definition.
- `labels` (List of String) List of labels attached to this Add-on.
- `output_values` (Attributes List) The output values of the Terraform run for the Add-on, sensitive values have type and value omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_values))
- `readme_markdown` (String) Instructions for using the Add-on (markdown format supported).
- `status` (Number) The status of the Terraform run for the Add-on.
- `summary` (String) A short summary of the Add-on.
- `terraform_no_code_module` (Attributes) Terraform Cloud no-code Module details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--terraform_no_code_module))

<a id="nestedatt--application"></a>
### Nested Schema for `application`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Application.
- `name` (String) The name of the Application.


<a id="nestedatt--definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `definition`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Add-on Definition.
- `name` (String) The name of the Add-on Definition.


<a id="nestedatt--output_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_values`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the output value.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) Whether the output value is sensitive.
- `type` (String) The type of the output value.
- `value` (String) The value of the output value.


<a id="nestedatt--terraform_no_code_module"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_no_code_module`

Read-Only:

- `source` (String) Terraform Cloud no-code Module Source
- `version` (String) Terraform Cloud no-code Module Version
