---
page_title: "hcp_boundary_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Boundary"
description: |-
  This resource allows you to manage an HCP Boundary cluster
---

# hcp_boundary_cluster (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage an HCP Boundary cluster

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_boundary_cluster" "example" {
  cluster_id = "boundary-cluster"
  username   = "test-user"
  password   = "Password123!"
  maintenance_window_config {
    day          = "TUESDAY"
    start        = 2
    end          = 12
    upgrade_type = "SCHEDULED"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Boundary cluster
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the initial admin user. This must be at least 8 characters in length. Note that this may show up in logs, and it will be stored in the state file.
- `tier` (String) The tier that the HCP Boundary cluster will be provisioned as, 'Standard' or 'Plus'.
- `username` (String) The username of the initial admin user. This must be at least 3 characters in length, alphanumeric, hyphen, or period.

### Optional

- `maintenance_window_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The maintenance window configuration for when cluster upgrades can take place. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--maintenance_window_config))
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Boundary cluster is located.
If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cluster_url` (String) A unique URL identifying the Boundary cluster.
- `created_at` (String) The time that the Boundary cluster was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `state` (String) The state of the Boundary cluster.
- `version` (String) The version of the Boundary cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--maintenance_window_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_window_config`

Optional:

- `day` (String) The maintenance day of the week for scheduled upgrades. Valid options for maintenance window day - `MONDAY`, `TUESDAY`, `WEDNESDAY`, `THURSDAY`, `FRIDAY`, `SATURDAY`, `SUNDAY`
- `end` (Number) The end time which upgrades can be performed. Uses 24H clock and must be in UTC time zone. Valid options include - 1 to 24 (inclusive)
- `start` (Number) The start time which upgrades can be performed. Uses 24H clock and must be in UTC time zone. Valid options include - 0 to 23 (inclusive)
- `upgrade_type` (String) The upgrade type for the cluster. Valid options for upgrade type - `AUTOMATIC`, `SCHEDULED`


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Using an explicit project ID, the import ID is:
# {project_id}:{cluster_id}
terraform import hcp_boundary_cluster.example f709ec73-55d4-46d8-897d-816ebba28778:boundary-cluster
# Using the provider-default project ID, the import ID is:
# {cluster_id}
terraform import hcp_boundary_cluster.example boundary-cluster
```
