---
page_title: "Resource hcp_consul_cluster - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Consul cluster resource allows you to manage an HCP Consul cluster.
---

# hcp_consul_cluster (Resource)

Consul on Azure is available. See the [Get started with end-to-end deployment configuration](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/tutorials/cloud-deploy-automation/consul-end-to-end-overview) tutorial.
The Consul cluster resource allows you to manage an HCP Consul cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_hvn" "example" {
  hvn_id         = "hvn"
  cloud_provider = "aws"
  region         = "us-west-2"
  cidr_block     = "172.25.16.0/20"
}

resource "hcp_consul_cluster" "example" {
  cluster_id = "consul-cluster"
  hvn_id     = hcp_hvn.example.hvn_id
  tier       = "development"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the HCP Consul cluster.
- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HVN this HCP Consul cluster is associated to.
- `tier` (String) The tier that the HCP Consul cluster will be provisioned as.  Only `development`, `standard` and `plus` are available at this time. See [pricing information](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/consul/pricing).

### Optional

- `auto_hvn_to_hvn_peering` (Boolean) Enables automatic HVN to HVN peering when creating a secondary cluster in a federation. The alternative to using the auto-accept feature is to create an [`hcp_hvn_peering_connection`](hvn_peering_connection.md) resource that explicitly defines the HVN resources that are allowed to communicate with each other.
- `connect_enabled` (Boolean) Denotes the Consul connect feature should be enabled for this cluster.  Default to true.
- `datacenter` (String) The Consul data center name of the cluster. If not specified, it is defaulted to the value of `cluster_id`.
- `ip_allowlist` (Block List, Max: 3) Allowed IPV4 address ranges (CIDRs) for inbound traffic. Each entry must be a unique CIDR. Maximum 3 CIDRS supported at this time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip_allowlist))
- `min_consul_version` (String) The minimum Consul patch version of the cluster. Allows only the rightmost version component to increment (E.g: `1.13.0` will allow installation of `1.13.2` and `1.13.3` etc., but not `1.14.0`). If not specified, it is defaulted to the version that is currently recommended by HCP.
- `primary_link` (String) The `self_link` of the HCP Consul cluster which is the primary in the federation setup with this HCP Consul cluster. If not specified, it is a standalone cluster.
- `public_endpoint` (Boolean) Denotes that the cluster has a public endpoint for the Consul UI. Defaults to false.
- `size` (String) The t-shirt size representation of each server VM that this Consul cluster is provisioned with. Valid option for development tier - `x_small`. Valid options for other tiers - `small`, `medium`, `large`. For more details - https://cloud.hashicorp.com/pricing/consul. Upgrading the size of a cluster after creation is allowed.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cloud_provider` (String) The provider where the HCP Consul cluster is located.
- `consul_automatic_upgrades` (Boolean) Denotes that automatic Consul upgrades are enabled.
- `consul_ca_file` (String) The cluster CA file encoded as a Base64 string.
- `consul_config_file` (String) The cluster config encoded as a Base64 string.
- `consul_private_endpoint_url` (String) The private URL for the Consul UI.
- `consul_public_endpoint_url` (String) The public URL for the Consul UI. This will be empty if `public_endpoint` is `false`.
- `consul_root_token_accessor_id` (String) The accessor ID of the root ACL token that is generated upon cluster creation.
- `consul_root_token_secret_id` (String, Sensitive) The secret ID of the root ACL token that is generated upon cluster creation.
- `consul_snapshot_interval` (String) The Consul snapshot interval.
- `consul_snapshot_retention` (String) The retention policy for Consul snapshots.
- `consul_version` (String) The Consul version of the cluster.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the organization this HCP Consul cluster is located in.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the project this HCP Consul cluster is located in.
- `region` (String) The region where the HCP Consul cluster is located.
- `scale` (Number) The number of Consul server nodes in the cluster.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the HCP Consul cluster.
- `state` (String) The state of the HCP Consul cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--ip_allowlist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_allowlist`

Required:

- `address` (String) IP address range in CIDR notation.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description to help identify source (maximum 255 chars).


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# The import ID is {cluster_id}
terraform import hcp_consul_cluster.example consul-cluster
```
