---
page_title: "Resource hcp_hvn - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The HVN resource allows you to manage a HashiCorp Virtual Network in HCP.
---

# hcp_hvn (Resource)

The HVN resource allows you to manage a HashiCorp Virtual Network in HCP.

We recommend the following when selecting the CIDR block of an HVN:

- The CIDR block value must be a private IPv4 CIDR block within the [RFC1918](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1918) address space (10.*.*.*, 192.168.*.*, 172.[16-31].*.*).

- The CIDR block value must be the first IP address of the desired CIDR block. The helper `cidrsubnet("172.16.1.1/24", 0, 0)` will specify the first address of the CIDR block in the first argument.

- The CIDR block value must end between /16 and /25.

- If the CIDR block values for your HCP HVN and your cloud provider’s virtual network overlap you will not be able to establish a connection. The following are default CIDR block values to be aware of: HCP HVN (172.25.16.0/20), AWS VPC (172.31.0.0/16), and Azure VNet (172.29.0.0/24). Avoid creating overlapping networks.

- If you’re creating a HVN for use in production it's recommended that you specify a CIDR block value that does not overlap with the other HVNs already created in your organization. You will not be able to connect two HVNs with overlapping CIDR block values.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_hvn" "example" {
  hvn_id         = "main-hvn"
  cloud_provider = "aws"
  region         = "us-west-2"
  cidr_block     = "172.25.16.0/20"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_provider` (String) The provider where the HVN is located. The provider 'aws' is generally available and 'azure' is in public beta.
- `hvn_id` (String) The ID of the HashiCorp Virtual Network (HVN).
- `region` (String) The region where the HVN is located.

### Optional

- `cidr_block` (String) The CIDR range of the HVN. If this is not provided, the service will provide a default value.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time that the HVN was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the HVN is located.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the HVN is located.
- `provider_account_id` (String) The provider account ID where the HVN is located.
- `self_link` (String) A unique URL identifying the HVN.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# The import ID is {hvn_id}
terraform import hcp_hvn.example main-hvn
```
