---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_packer_channel Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Packer Channel resource allows you to manage a bucket channel within an active HCP Packer Registry.
---

# hcp_packer_channel (Resource)

The Packer Channel resource allows you to manage a bucket channel within an active HCP Packer Registry.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_packer_channel" "staging" {
  name        = "staging"
  bucket_name = "alpine"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_name` (String) The slug of the HCP Packer Registry bucket where the channel should be created.
- `name` (String) The name of the channel being managed.

### Optional

- `iteration` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) The iteration assigned to the channel. This block is deprecated. Please use `hcp_packer_channel_assignment` instead. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--iteration))
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where this channel is located. 
If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `author_id` (String) The author of this channel.
- `created_at` (String) The creation time of this channel.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where this channel is located.
- `restricted` (Boolean) If true, the channel is only visible to users with permission to create and manage it. Otherwise the channel is visible to every member of the organization.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this channel was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--iteration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iteration`

Optional:

- `fingerprint` (String) The fingerprint of the iteration assigned to the channel.
- `id` (String) The ID of the iteration assigned to the channel.
- `incremental_version` (Number) The incremental_version of the iteration assigned to the channel.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Using an explicit project ID, the import ID is:
# {project_id}:{bucket_name}:{channel_name}
terraform import hcp_packer_channel.staging f709ec73-55d4-46d8-897d-816ebba28778:alpine:staging
# Using the provider-default project ID, the import ID is:
# {bucket_name}:{channel_name}
terraform import hcp_packer_channel.staging alpine:staging
```
