---
page_title: "hcp_packer_run_task Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Packer Run Task resource allows you to regenerate the HMAC key for an HCP Packer Registry's run task.
  If you do not need to regenerate the HMAC key, it is recommended to use the hcp_packer_run_task data source instead.
---

# hcp_packer_run_task (Resource)

-> **Note:** This resource is currently in public beta.

The Packer Run Task resource allows you to regenerate the HMAC key for an HCP Packer Registry's run task.

If you do not need to regenerate the HMAC key, it is recommended to use the `hcp_packer_run_task` data source instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_packer_run_task" "registry" {}

# Configuring the HMAC Key to regenerate on apply
# NOTE: While `regenerate_hmac` is set to `true` the key will be regenerated on every apply.
resource "hcp_packer_run_task" "registry" {
  regenerate_hmac = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the HCP Packer Registry is located. 
If not specified, the project specified in the HCP Provider config block will be used, if configured.
If a project is not configured in the HCP Provider config block, the oldest project in the organization will be used.
- `regenerate_hmac` (Boolean) If true, the HMAC Key (`hmac_key`) will be regenerated during `terraform apply`. While set to true, the key will be regenerated on every `terraform apply` until `regenerate_hmac` is set to false or removed from the config.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `endpoint_url` (String) A unique HCP Packer URL, specific to your HCP organization and HCP Packer registry. The Terraform Cloud run task will send a payload to this URL for image validation.
- `hmac_key` (String, Sensitive) A secret key that lets HCP Packer verify the run task request.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where this channel is located. Always the same as the associated channel.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `default` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `update` (String)
