---
page_title: "HCP: hcp_private_link"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The private link resource allows you to manage a private link within an HVN.
---

# hcp_private_link

The private link resource allows you to manage a private link within an HVN.

Private links provide secure connectivity between your HCP resources and your cloud provider's private network, without exposing your resources to the public internet.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "hcp_hvn" "example" {
  hvn_id         = "example-hvn"
  cloud_provider = "aws"
  region         = "us-west-2"
}

resource "hcp_vault_cluster" "example" {
  hvn_id         = hcp_hvn.example.hvn_id
  cluster_id     = "example-vault-cluster"
  tier           = "dev"
  public_endpoint = false
}

resource "hcp_private_link" "example" {
  hvn_id           = hcp_hvn.example.hvn_id
  private_link_id  = "example-private-link"
  vault_cluster_id = hcp_vault_cluster.example.cluster_id
  
  consumer_accounts = [
    "123456789012"  # AWS account ID
  ]
  
  consumer_regions = [
    "us-west-2"
  ]
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `hvn_id` - (Required) The ID of the HVN associated with the private link.
* `private_link_id` - (Required) The ID of the private link.
* `vault_cluster_id` - (Required) The ID of the HCP Vault cluster associated with the private link.
* `project_id` - (Optional) The ID of the HCP project where the private link is located. If not specified, the project configured in the provider is used.
* `consumer_regions` - (Optional) The cloud provider regions from which consumers can connect to the private link.
* `consumer_accounts` - (Optional) The list of consumer accounts allowed to connect to the private link. In AWS, these are IAM Principals. In Azure, these are Azure Subscription/Resource IDs.
* `consumer_ip_ranges` - (Optional) The list of consumer IP ranges or CIDRs allowed to connect to the HVD cluster associated with the private link.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - A unique URL identifying the private link.
* `organization_id` - The ID of the HCP organization where the private link is located.
* `created_at` - The time that the private link was created.
* `updated_at` - The time that the private link was last updated.
* `state` - The state of the private link.
* `external_name` - The private link name generated by the cloud provider. In AWS, this is the name of the VPC Endpoint Service.
* `self_link` - A unique URL identifying the private link.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import using HVN ID and private link ID (default project from provider is used)
terraform import hcp_private_link.example {hvn_id}:{private_link_id}

# Import with explicit project ID 
terraform import hcp_private_link.example {project_id}:{hvn_id}:{private_link_id}
```
