---
page_title: "Resource hcp_vault_secrets_integration_confluent - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Vault Secrets"
description: |-
  The Vault Secrets Confluent integration resource manages an Confluent integration.
---

# hcp_vault_secrets_integration_confluent (Resource)

The Vault Secrets Confluent integration resource manages an Confluent integration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_vault_secrets_integration_confluent" "example" {
  name         = "my-confluent-1"
  capabilities = ["ROTATION"]
  static_credential_details = {
    cloud_api_key_id = "TKa..."
    cloud_api_secret = "6aG..."
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capabilities` (Set of String) Capabilities enabled for the integration. See the Vault Secrets documentation for the list of supported capabilities per provider.
- `name` (String) The Vault Secrets integration name.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) HCP project ID that owns the HCP Vault Secrets integration. Inferred from the provider configuration if omitted.
- `static_credential_details` (Attributes) Confluent API key used to authenticate for cloud apis. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_credential_details))

### Read-Only

- `organization_id` (String) HCP organization ID that owns the HCP Vault Secrets integration.
- `resource_id` (String) Resource ID used to uniquely identify the integration instance on the HCP platform.
- `resource_name` (String) Resource name used to uniquely identify the integration instance on the HCP platform.

<a id="nestedatt--static_credential_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_credential_details`

Required:

- `cloud_api_key_id` (String) Public key used alongside the private key to authenticate for cloud apis.
- `cloud_api_secret` (String, Sensitive) Private key used alongside the public key to authenticate for cloud apis.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Vault Secrets Confluent Integration can be imported by specifying the name of the integration
# Note that since the Api Key secret is never returned on the Vault Secrets API,
# the next plan or apply will show a diff for that field.
terraform import hcp_vault_secrets_integration_confluent.example my-confluent-1
```
