---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hcp_vault_secrets_integration_azure Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Vault Secrets Azure integration resource manages an Azure integration.
---

# hcp_vault_secrets_integration_azure (Resource)

The Vault Secrets Azure integration resource manages an Azure integration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_vault_secrets_integration_azure" "example" {
  name         = "my-azure-1"
  capabilities = ["ROTATION"]
  client_secret = {
    "tenant_id" : "7eb3...",
    "client_id" : "9de0...",
    "client_secret" : "WZk8..."
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capabilities` (Set of String) Capabilities enabled for the integration. See the Vault Secrets documentation for the list of supported capabilities per provider.
- `name` (String) The Vault Secrets integration name.

### Optional

- `client_secret` (Attributes) Azure client secret used to authenticate against the target Azure application. Cannot be used with `federated_workload_identity`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_secret))
- `federated_workload_identity` (Attributes) (Recommended) Federated identity configuration to authenticate against the target Azure application. Cannot be used with `client_secret`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--federated_workload_identity))
- `project_id` (String) HCP project ID that owns the HCP Vault Secrets integration. Inferred from the provider configuration if omitted.

### Read-Only

- `organization_id` (String) HCP organization ID that owns the HCP Vault Secrets integration.
- `resource_id` (String) Resource ID used to uniquely identify the integration instance on the HCP platform.
- `resource_name` (String) Resource name used to uniquely identify the integration instance on the HCP platform.

<a id="nestedatt--client_secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_secret`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) Azure client ID corresponding to the Azure application.
- `client_secret` (String) Secret value corresponding to the Azure client secret.
- `tenant_id` (String) Azure tenant ID corresponding to the Azure application.


<a id="nestedatt--federated_workload_identity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `federated_workload_identity`

Required:

- `audience` (String) Audience configured on the Azure federated identity credentials to federate access with HCP.
- `client_id` (String) Azure client ID corresponding to the Azure application.
- `tenant_id` (String) Azure tenant ID corresponding to the Azure application.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Vault Secrets Azure Integration can be imported by specifying the name of the integration
# Note that since the client secret is never returned on the Vault Secrets API,
# the next plan or apply will show a diff for that field.
terraform import hcp_vault_secrets_integration_confluent.example my-azure-1
```
