---
page_title: "Resource hcp_vault_secrets_integration_twilio - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Vault Secrets"
description: |-
  The Vault Secrets Twilio integration resource manages a Twilio integration.
---

# hcp_vault_secrets_integration_twilio (Resource)

The Vault Secrets Twilio integration resource manages a Twilio integration.

~> **Note:** This resource is deprecated, please use `hcp_vault_secrets_integration` instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_vault_secrets_integration_twilio" "example" {
  name         = "my-twilio-1"
  capabilities = ["ROTATION"]
  static_credential_details = {
    account_sid    = "AC7..."
    api_key_sid    = "TKa..."
    api_key_secret = "6aG..."
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `capabilities` (Set of String) Capabilities enabled for the integration. See the Vault Secrets documentation for the list of supported capabilities per provider.
- `name` (String) The Vault Secrets integration name.

### Optional

- `project_id` (String) HCP project ID that owns the HCP Vault Secrets integration. Inferred from the provider configuration if omitted.
- `static_credential_details` (Attributes) Twilio API key parts used to authenticate against the target Twilio account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_credential_details))

### Read-Only

- `organization_id` (String) HCP organization ID that owns the HCP Vault Secrets integration.
- `resource_id` (String) Resource ID used to uniquely identify the integration instance on the HCP platform.
- `resource_name` (String) Resource name used to uniquely identify the integration instance on the HCP platform.

<a id="nestedatt--static_credential_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_credential_details`

Required:

- `account_sid` (String) Account SID for the target Twilio account.
- `api_key_secret` (String, Sensitive) Api key secret used with the api key SID to authenticate against the target Twilio account.
- `api_key_sid` (String) Api key SID to authenticate against the target Twilio account.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Vault Secrets Twilio Integration can be imported by specifying the name of the integration
# Note that since the Api Key secret is never returned on the Vault Secrets API,
# the next plan or apply will show a diff for that field.
terraform import hcp_vault_secrets_integration_twilio.example my-twilio-1
```
