---
page_title: "hcp_vault_cluster_admin_token Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Vault cluster admin token resource generates an admin-level token for the HCP Vault cluster.
---

# Resource `hcp_vault_cluster_admin_token`

~> **Important Security Notice** The admin token generated by this resource will
be stored *unencrypted* in your Terraform state file. **Use of this resource
for production deployments is *not* recommended**. Instead, generate
an admin token outside of Terraform and distribute it securely
to the system where Terraform will be run.

The Vault cluster admin token resource generates an admin-level token for the HCP Vault cluster.

This resource saves a single admin token per Vault cluster and auto-refreshes the token when it is about to expire.
Destroying this resource *does not* invalidate the admin token.

~> **Known Issue** An admin token may be generated during a `terraform plan` if the current token is expiring. 
Since the Plan phase does not save any state, the Apply phase saves a different generated token, and the token generated during Plan ends up orphaned. 
It will expire in six hours.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_vault_cluster_admin_token" "example" {
  cluster_id = "test-vault-cluster"
}
```

## Schema

### Required

- **cluster_id** (String) The ID of the HCP Vault cluster.

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **timeouts** (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-only

- **created_at** (String) The time that the admin token was created.
- **token** (String, Sensitive) The admin token of this HCP Vault cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- **create** (String)
- **delete** (String)
- **read** (String)