---
page_title: "hcp_waypoint_action Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Waypoint"
description: |-
  The Waypoint Action resource manages the lifecycle of an Action.
---

# hcp_waypoint_action `Resource`

The Waypoint Action resource manages the lifecycle of an Action.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Action.
- `request` (Attributes) The kind of HTTP request this should trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request))

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the Action.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Action is located.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Action.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the Action is located.

<a id="nestedatt--request"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request`

Optional:

- `agent` (Attributes) Agent mode allows users to define the agent to use for the request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request--agent))
- `custom` (Attributes) Custom mode allows users to define the HTTP method, the request body, etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request--custom))

<a id="nestedatt--request--agent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request.agent`

Required:

- `group` (String) The name of the group that the operation is in.
- `operation_id` (String) The identifying name of the operation in the agent config file.

Optional:

- `action_run_id` (String) An optional action run id. If specified the agent will interact with the actions subsystem.
- `body` (String) Arguments to the operation, specified as JSON.


<a id="nestedatt--request--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request.custom`

Required:

- `method` (String) The HTTP method to use for the request. Must be one of: 'GET', 'POST', 'PUT', 'DELETE', or 'PATCH'.

Optional:

- `body` (String) The body to be submitted with the request.
- `headers` (Map of String) Key value headers to send with the request.
- `url` (String) The full URL this request should make when invoked.