---
page_title: "hcp_waypoint_add_on Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Waypoint"
description: |-
  Waypoint Add-on resource
---

# hcp_waypoint_add_on `Resource`



Waypoint Add-on resource

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The ID of the Application that this Add-on is created for.
- `definition_id` (String) The ID of the Add-on Definition that this Add-on is created from.
- `name` (String) The name of the Add-on.

### Optional

- `add_on_input_variables` (Attributes Set) Input variables set for the add-on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_on_input_variables))
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Waypoint AddOn is located.

### Read-Only

- `add_on_definition_input_variables` (Attributes Set) Input variables set for the add-on definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--add_on_definition_input_variables))
- `created_by` (String, Deprecated) The user who created the Add-on.
- `description` (String) A longer description of the Add-on.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Add-on.
- `install_count` (Number) The number of installed Add-ons for the same Application that share the same Add-on Definition.
- `labels` (List of String) List of labels attached to this Add-on.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the Waypoint AddOn is located.
- `output_values` (Attributes List) The output values, stored by HCP Waypoint, of the Terraform run for the Add-on, sensitive values have type and value omitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--output_values))
- `readme_markdown` (String) The markdown for the Add-on README.
- `status` (Number) The status of the Terraform run for the Add-on.
- `summary` (String) A short summary of the Add-on.
- `terraform_no_code_module_source` (String) The Terraform No Code Module source for the Add-on.

<a id="nestedatt--add_on_input_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_on_input_variables`

Required:

- `name` (String) Variable name
- `value` (String) Variable value
- `variable_type` (String) Variable type


<a id="nestedatt--add_on_definition_input_variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `add_on_definition_input_variables`

Required:

- `name` (String) Variable name
- `value` (String) Variable value

Optional:

- `variable_type` (String) Variable type


<a id="nestedatt--output_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_values`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the output value.
- `sensitive` (Boolean) Whether the output value is sensitive.
- `type` (String) The type of the output value.
- `value` (String) The value of the output value.