---
page_title: "hcp_waypoint_add_on_definition Resource - terraform-provider-hcp"
subcategory: "HCP Waypoint"
description: |-
  Waypoint Add-on Definition resource
---

# hcp_waypoint_add_on_definition `Resource`



Waypoint Add-on Definition resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "hcp_waypoint_add_on_definition" "add_on_definition" {
  name                            = "postgres"
  summary                         = "An add-on that provisions a PostgreSQL database."
  description                     = <<EOF
This add-on provisions a PostgreSQL database in AWS. The database is provisioned
with a default schema and user.
EOF
  terraform_project_id            = "prj-123456"
  labels                          = ["postgres", "aws", "db"]
  terraform_no_code_module_source = "private/fake-org/postgres-aws/aws"
  terraform_no_code_module_id     = "nocode-abcdef"
  variable_options = [
    {
      name          = "size"
      user_editable = true
      options       = ["small", "medium", "large"]
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) A longer description of the Add-on Definition.
- `name` (String) The name of the Add-on Definition.
- `summary` (String) A short summary of the Add-on Definition.
- `terraform_no_code_module_id` (String) The ID of the Terraform no-code module to use for running Terraform operations. This is in the format of 'nocode-<ID>'.
- `terraform_no_code_module_source` (String) Terraform Cloud no-code Module Source, expected to be in one of the following formats: "app.terraform.io/hcp_waypoint_example/ecs-advanced-microservice/aws" or "private/hcp_waypoint_example/ecs-advanced-microservice/aws".
- `terraform_project_id` (String) The ID of the Terraform Cloud Project to create workspaces in. The ID is found on the Terraform Cloud Project settings page.

### Optional

- `labels` (List of String) List of labels attached to this Add-on Definition.
- `project_id` (String) The ID of the HCP project where the Waypoint Add-on Definition is located.
- `readme_markdown_template` (String) The markdown template for the Add-on Definition README (markdown format supported).
- `terraform_agent_pool_id` (String) The ID of the Terraform agent pool to use for running Terraform operations. This is only applicable when the execution mode is set to 'agent'.
- `terraform_cloud_workspace_details` (Attributes, Deprecated) Terraform Cloud Workspace details. If not provided, defaults to the HCP Terraform project of the associated application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--terraform_cloud_workspace_details))
- `terraform_execution_mode` (String) The execution mode of the HCP Terraform workspaces for add-ons using this add-on definition.
- `variable_options` (Attributes Set) List of variable options for the Add-on Definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variable_options))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Add-on Definition.
- `organization_id` (String) The ID of the HCP organization where the Waypoint Add-on Definition is located.

<a id="nestedatt--terraform_cloud_workspace_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `terraform_cloud_workspace_details`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Terraform Cloud Project
- `terraform_project_id` (String) Terraform Cloud Project ID


<a id="nestedatt--variable_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variable_options`

Required:

- `name` (String) Variable name
- `variable_type` (String) Variable type

Optional:

- `options` (List of String) List of options
- `user_editable` (Boolean) Whether the variable is editable by the user creating an add-on. If options are provided, then the user may only use those options, regardless of this setting.
